# [wk10d2] Reading assignment

## Reading goals

- Circle back to big picture questions about the role of ethics and ethical decision making regarding technology.

- Revisit the readings from earlier this term and reflect on how your responses to them have changed as a result of taking this course.

## Readings

- ["Ethics is More Important Than Technology."](https://www.scu.edu/ethics/all-about-ethics/ethics-is-more-important-than-technology/) Brian Patrick Green, Markkula Center for Applied Ethics at Santa August 10, 2020.

- ["12 Things Everyone Should Understand About Tech"](https://medium.com/humane-tech/12-things-everyone-should-understand-about-tech-d158f5a26411), by Anil Dash. (2018)

- "Five Things We Need to Know About Technological Change", a talk transcript from Neil Postman. (1998). (The PDF is attached at the bottom of this assignment page.)

## Guiding questions

1. What is the motivation behind asking the question "what ought we to want?"

2. The first piece argues that the phrase *abusus non tollit usum* has limits in its application to technology. Give an example of one such limit.

3. What are the two questions for the future? How might we apply these questions to one of the technologies we've covered / discussed this term?

4. Why does the first piece claim that "solving everything is a morally neutral goal?"

5. The second and third articles outline things people "should" know about technology and its effects on society. To what extent do you agree / disagree with the authors' points, now that you've taken this course?

6. Which point(s) from the last two articles resonate most deeply with you as a result of taking this course? 

## Reading activity

Post a question, comment, or observation about the readings in the #readings channel on Slack.
